# Argo Helm Charts

This repository contains Helm charts that we use in ArgoCD / Argus.

The `stack` chart is the standard chart for used when deploying an Argus application.

### Running tests locally

1. `helm plugin install https://github.com/helm-unittest/helm-unittest.git`
2. run `make test` (or `make test-debug` to see the templates generated by the unit tests)
    - this can be run from the root directory to run tests for all charts
    - or from any helm chart directory to run tests just for that chart

### Testing an un-published chart in Argus

You can create a stack from a chart that has not been published.

Suppose you want to test some local changes of the stack helm chart in the `argus-example-app`. To do so you would:

1. Clone the `argus-example-app` repository
1. Change the `.infra/rdev/Chart.yaml` in the `argus-example-app` to point to the local directory
    - set the `repository` of the `stack` chart dependency to `file://<relative path to argo-helm-charts/stack/ directory>`
1. Run `helm dependency update` from a terminal in the `argus-example-app/.infra/rdev` path in the argus-example-app repository. This step creates a `.tgz` file used in the next step.
1. Create a new branch then commit and push the changes to the `argus-example-app` repository
    - This should include your changes to `.infra/rdev/Chart.yaml`, the newly created `.infra/rdev/Chart.lock`, and the `.infra/rdev/charts/stack-<X.Y.Z>.tgz` file
1. Create a PR in the `argus-example-app` repository and create a stack in Argus using the `stack` label on the PR

Here are examples of the changes:
- https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/argus-example-app/pull/159/commits/3685595e8e7d31a49077de173a678817ac96de65
- https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/argus-example-app/pull/315/commits/ef3a5a03eb03c4dfc4361971695fe77c82779ee2 (newer)

NOTES: 
- Do not merge `.infra/rdev/Chart.lock` or `.infra/rdev/charts/stack-<X.Y.Z>.tgz` into the main branch. These files should only be used for testing purposes.
- The lint checks will fail when you do this because those checks cannot find the argo-helm-charts repo used to generate the .tgz file. You shouldn't have to worry about it because your test changes (with the .lock or .tgz files) should not get merged anyway.


## Code of Conduct

This project adheres to the Contributor Covenant [code of conduct](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. 
Please report unacceptable behavior to [opensource@chanzuckerberg.com](mailto:opensource@chanzuckerberg.com).
